feat: initialize ENSNameHealer contract (#2054)
namehash/ensnode: contracts/README.md

# ENSNode Contracts

Solidity smart contracts used in the ENSNode ecosystem. Each contract lives in its own subdirectory as a standalone [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/) project.

## Contracts

| Directory | Contract | Purpose |
|---|---|---|

> | `ens-name-healer/` | `ENSNameHealer` | On-chain oracle for healing unresolvable ENS names |

Reviewer: Suggest we change the name because in my mind this contract does not heal names and therefore isn't a name healer.

The role of this contract is to "emit rainbow beams" to ENS indexers.

Each "emitted rainbow beam" symbolically represents a single label that indexers would then add to a dynamically generated rainbow table based on the set of all events indexed from this contract.

Each time an indexer indexes one of these events, it should check its indexed data for any labels formatted as encoded labelhashes of the labelhash generated from the indexed labels. For any found, the indexer should then transform those labels into the healed label. A special detail here is if the healed label is not a normalized label then the indexer must store the healed label as an encoded labelhash of the healed label (which is unnormalized). Therefore I found a problem in our current logic while writing this out. Do you see it? ENSRainbowBeam needs a smarter strategy for how it determines if it should heal a label again or not. It could get in a loop of resubmitting an unnormalized label.. Ah.. wait! Here's an easy fix for now: The ENSRainbowBeam app should validate that all labels submitted to it are normalized. Any that are not normalized should be discarded for now -- later we can expand our indexed data model to track unnormalized labels too, such that we could tell the difference between an unknown label vs an unnormalized label. Today we can't. Therefore this problem. Can you please take the lead to notify @djstrong of this important change needed to the ENSRainbowBeam app?

Each permissioned submitter has the responsibility to verify that each label submitted would result in 1+ already indexed labels that are currently unknown transitioning to becoming healed (known). This contract is not responsible for that verification. The permissioned submitters are. Instead, this contract is optimized for minimum gas usage per emitted label, over time we may be submitting a lot, and we are the ones paying for all the gas.

The actual name healing process happens inside the indexer when it heals an unknown label into a known label.

Therefore suggest to call this contract something like `ens-rainbow-beam-emitter`

Appreciate your help to transfer these ideas into nice comments where relevant.

Author: `ens-rainbow-beam-emitter` 😄 

decided to keep `ENSLabelHealer`

# ENSNode Contracts

> Solidity smart contracts used in the ENSNode ecosystem. Each contract lives in its own subdirectory as a standalone [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solidity smart contracts created as an explicit part of the ENSNode platform. Each contract lives in its own subdirectory as a standalone [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/) project.

Note that this is not a directory of all ENS contracts. For general directories of ENS contracts see:
1. The [datasources package in the ENSNode monorepo](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/tree/main/packages/datasources).
2. The [ens-contracts repo](https://github.com/ensdomains/ens-contracts).
3. The [contracts-v2 repo](https://github.com/ensdomains/contracts-v2).
```

## Contracts

| Directory           | Contract         | Purpose                                                       |
| ------------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `ens-label-healer/` | `ENSLabelHealer` | Permissioned on-chain label emitter for unresolved ENS labels |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ens-name-healer/` | `ENSNameHealer` | Enable healed labels in ENS names to automatically propagate to all decentralized ENSNode instances |
```

Feedback:

1. ENSNameHealer is better branding than ENSLabelHealer. As discussed we can name this according to it's ultimately value proposition, rather than as a technical description of how it is implemented. Please apply all the related renamings.
2. Updated purpose to focus more on the value proposition.
